Triangle Calculator v0.1 by Eric Conrad
Copyright 2021 by Eric Conrad.

License: MIT style license.  Se file LICENSE-triangle for details.

Description
-----------
A triangle calculator written entirely in COBOL.  It uses intrinsic
functions for trigonometric calculations.

Build
-----
This compiles with GnuCOBOL 3.7 on Windows with CygWin.
(It should compile with GnuCOBOL 2.0 or later.  The gmp libraries are
probably required for trigonometric calculations.)

To build, compile and link using the enclosed makefile.  It should work
as long as you have GnuCOBOL 2.0 or later.

Execute
-------
In a Unix-like shell (such as bash or tcsh), execute the main file
(triangle in Linux or other Unix-like operating systems, or triangle.exe
in Windows with a posix overlay like CygWin or MinGW/MSys) in the usual
way:
    ./triangle

Then follow the prompts.  Enter three sides or two sides and an angle
or one side and two angles.  Then solve.

The commands are case-sensitive.  Commands a, b and c are for entering
sides, commands A, B and C for angles.  To change the unit of angle
measure, the command m rotates from radians (default) to degrees to
grads (percentages of a right angle) to revolutions and back to radians.

The show command s displays the known sides and angles.  (Angles are
displayed using the current units of measure.)  The dump command d gives
the same information in a more primitive format (radians for angles,
values in floating point notation, with negative values [-1] for unknown
quantities).

When sufficient data is entered, the solve command = will solve the
triangle, reporting any encountered errors.  The results are, of course,
approximate.  If there are two solutions, one can be saved for subsequent
calculations.

File Contents
-------------
LICENSE-triangle
makefile
README-triangle
triangle.cob
triangle.cpy
triangle-cosToC.cob
triangle-cosToGamma.cob
triangle-dump.cob
triangle-exec.cob
triangle-init.cob
triangle-show.cob
triangle-sinToC.cob
triangle-sinToGamma.cob
triangle-solve.cob
